well hello hello hello while on us in
the brown envelope from Amazon today if
you haven't read the title description
well let's just say the record industry
is found if another way to make us buy
our recollections again yes this is
Genesis and they're great albums similar
by the pound this time it's in high
fidelity blu-ray disc pure audio oh my
goodness yeah but they're planning the
release the whole back catalog like this
I think and it's the first one up so I
thought I'd have a look give it a spin
see see what was going on and see how
like it's this like the SA CD / DVD
content that we got with those box it's
a few years back you know again I think
the difference in audio quality is gonna
be well I only only annex the wonder dog
will be hurt all the difference and he
won't tell me
he keeps them anyway yes we see once we
see him we go I'm gonna do I'm gonna
make just a tiny incision I think
because it's not ease these blue race
okay so just like that you see very
smart
let's have a look inside shall we so
nice booklet and we've got the disc
which again is the livery is very much
like the reissues this you could
actually probably replace that you could
probably take the DVD here and place it
with the blue right if you want it to
I'm not saying you should I'm just
saying it's an option if you wanted to
cut down on packaging and wanted to just
upgrade your thing there are there is
the band sitting in there's only Central
Park New York I can't remember but there
are in America back in the day and come
conquer in the world and oh
you see that I'm glad to fuzz that out
oopsy-daisy
and yes Brown is very Brown but if any
of you remember the Sony's this is the
color of the 70s this kind of
and caramel kind of Brown thing is very
much how I remember it
eyebrows is that color yeah corduroys it
remembers corduroy trousers I used to
love my corduroy trousers that's beside
the point I was a smart chap you know I
see you got all the lyrics and the stuff
there and the booklet goes back in there
and this allows you to this this voucher
here allows you to download the album in
in a digital download version which is
nice so they cope I'm not going to let
you look at the pass code because
that'll be naughty so okay let's put all
this away and thanks for watching my
Underdown rock this is something about a
pound and - elite blue audio blu-ray
pure audio blah blah blah all Prager on